Automatically get docker socket path (and fix socket path config in vite plugin) (#10061)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/full-pugs-say.md

---
"@cloudflare/containers-shared": patch
"wrangler": patch
---

> feat: try to automatically get path of docker socket

Reviewer: A few questions:

Should "feat" imply a minor release?

Should "docker socket" be "container engine socket" (and use "container engine" below and in the other changeset rather than "docker" or "container tool")

> Currently, if your container tool isn't set up to listen at `unix:///var/run/docker.sock` (or isn't symlinked to that), then you have to manually set this via the `dev.containerEngine` field in your Wrangler config, or via the env vars `WRANGLER_DOCKER_HOST`. This change means that we will try and get the socket of the current context automatically. This should reduce the occurrence of opaque `internal error`s thrown by the runtime when the daemon is not listening at `unix:///var/run/docker.sock`.

Reviewer: nit: listen at -> listen on? (multiple occurences)

> You can still override this with `WRANGLER_DOCKER_HOST`, and we also now read `DOCKER_HOST` too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to `WRANGLER_DOCKER_HOST`, `DOCKER_HOST` can now also be used to set the container engine socket address.
```
